loki.process: document limitation of stage.json (#6082)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/loki.process.md

username: agent
```

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> Due to a limitation of the upstream jmespath library, any string that contains
> a hyphen `-` needs to be wrapped in quotes so that it's not considered a
> numerical expression.
> 
> Otherwise, you might get errors like:
> `Unexpected token at the end of the expression: tNumber`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a limitation of the upstream jmespath library, you must wrap any string that contains a hyphen `-` in quotes so that it's not considered a numerical expression.

If you don't use quotes to wrap a string that contains a hyphen, you will get errors like: `Unexpected token at the end of the expression: tNumber`

You can use one of two options to circumvent this issue:

1. An escaped double quote. For example: `http_user_agent = "\"request_User-Agent\""`
1. A backtick quote. For example: ``http_user_agent = `"request_User-Agent"` ``
```

Maybe we could rework it like this?  

Do we need the full stage.json in the examples? or is it enough to show a quoted string?

Author: Yeah, I like this suggestion, will fix this

{{% /admonition %}}

> In this case, you can use one of two syntaxes to circumvent this issue:

Reviewer: @tpaschalis which issue is being dealt with here? The one in the note?

Author: Yes. Is it clear, or should I also include it on the note?
